1. Connected Car - Connecting cars to smartphones of users allows them to call their car to their current location as well as keep track of the current location of their car
2. Smart Home - In a smart Home all the things we use for our daily lives have tiny embedded chips in them allowing them to do much more than traditional household appliances
3. Smart City - This application consists of so many use cases like water management, traffic, and electricity management, waste management, etc. 
4. Precision Farming - Use of sensors and other smart devices to keep track of health of crop and remove pesticeds
5. Agricultural Drone - Evaluate field analysis, crop health, crop growth, and pest attack.
6. Smart Grid - smart Electrical power systems to ensure load is balanced correctly among its varuois users
7. Connected Factories - A connected network with different tasks like schedule maintenance, the shipment of products, the flow of operation control and stop or pause a specific process.
8. Smart Retail - A combination of “things” like RFID chip, foot traffic counter, and Wi-Fi monitoring and mobile application of the customer. 
9. Supply Chain Management by IoT - Ensures product transportation to the retailer, which increases the efficiency of the supply chain.
10. Traffic Monitoring System by IoT - This application can count several vehicles on each side of the road and apply the KNN algorithm to measure the waiting time of each side.

11. Forest Fire Detection by IoT - Wireless sensor around the forest detects humidity from air and stores it in the cloud. If humidity is over a threshold system push notification to monitoring authority.

12. Portable Water Quality Assurance - The system sends notifications if common parameters include PH, salinity, temperature, turbidity, oxidation-reduction, and so more found one of the above danger levels.

13. Structural Health Monitoring - Provide accurate and real-time information about any construction.
14. Radioactivity Monitoring - GM counter is a radiation sensor that can detect radiation in an area and send a notification to the cloud.
15. IoT Controlled Golf Course - Analyze and visualize the data of the golf course such as soil moisture, humidity, rainfall, temperatur
16. IoT in Packaging Industry - To preserve a product, the properly accurate temperature is needed. Embedded IoT sensors can change color if the product is beyond temperature.
17. Landslide Detection by IoT Application - Data analysis center analyzes data found from the sensor and using proper algorithms they will predict a landslide in an area.

18. The Volume of Visitors Check by Smart Phone Detection - This application detects the duration of stay, total project visitors, visitor’s volume per location, and so much data of that event.

19. Waste Management IoT Application - The system proposes sensors would be connected with each bin. If the amount of waste goes beyond the threshold, each bin will send notifications to the leading cloud program.
20. Urban Noise Detection - The IoT solution of this problem is to use of each smartphone as a sensor by embedding noise label detecting mobile apps. Data found from each location will save in the cloud, and a software program will show each zone with a high noise label.
